music master support summed up the
updates to your systems
operatives and a couple of more surprises
at its annual conference
developers right here in san
francisco we knew that he would present the
sequel or sx2 emery for the
max computers and ios 9 for
iphones and ipads but this year also
they included the first update
important for the new member of the
family or that watch is 2 for watches
just six weeks after the
official launch of the uach with this
update you can have applications
native within the watch means
that will take much less to load and
will have more independent functions
Huacho phone these include new
covers for the watch and greater
integration with civil you can start a
workout without putting finger on
the screen and be and it will also be more
proactive in ios 9 now instead of just
receive orders may suggest
information without you asking for it according to
context if they call you from a number
unknown for example if you will search
Enter your email and message history
to decipher who could be
calling now will also have the
ability to perform searches within
of applications and you can even
Recommend new according to your patterns
consumption and a function that we expected
anxiously the split screen and
multiple windows that finally arrived
to it is with a great but it is only
available for iPads and
split screen only for ipad 2 the
most recent of the collection and in everything
the rest I am 9 looks almost the same as ios
8 except for a few subtle changes like
change of peace name because now it
will call world or wallet and a
new news application similar to
flipboard that at the moment will only have
content in English the most useful of 19 not
are the new functions but the
improvements to the battery and the process of
update will now have a mode of
Battery saving that provides up to three
more hours of loading and more users will be able
download to 19 because it does not use as much
storage space and not
include any old device that
already have or is 8 regarding that x
novelties were minimal so much so that
they did not even change their location
they were in yos emery and it's not because I
be loved and be the only one if your beautiful
california if you want proof enough
see my reel instagram the new one or that
the captain is called the name of the
rock formation of the national park
now you can do more searches
naturals within the bar of
spotlight and ask him a question like what
would you do in your daily life to find
anything inside your machine
It also has the function of split screen
that allows you to see two applications one
next to another one at a time and better
performance that was expected
but an apple presentation does not stay
complete without that something else a little surprise
that had not been saved very well
because we had already foreseen it
music the union between bits and itunes and the
new music streaming service from
the company in addition to providing access
unlimited to any type of music and
custom playlists on
service includes
one a radio station with music the
24 hours a day and connect one
social platform in which artists
They can share their projects
specials directly with your fans to
difference of similar services like
spotify pop music will not give option
free will cost 10 dollars a month or 15
dollars for the family plan but you
will give 3 free months of testing
Japanese and will launch on June 30 in
everyone there is a little detail
important is that it will also be
available for the android
updates to systems
operatives will be available in your
beta version from summer and in
autumn will officially launch remember
that can read all the details of the
conference and can find out how
ask for that beta version in dotcom cinemas
diagonal s until the next